hello guys it's me Rachel excited I'm
here with a series announcement and I
hope you guys are ready for this series
and by the title you probably already
know what this series is gonna be so
what I ask from you is to like the video
if you want this series to go to go on
and continue and if you don't want it to
continue and be discontinued of course
just like the video and let me know in
the comment section down below saying
forward if you want these series to go
on please comment down below but anyways
let's go into our world and I have this
new awesome texture pack and I will
leave in the description down below its
link but today this series is going to
be exit this is just a series
announcement video the series has not
yet started so you guys still have a
chance or a choice whether you guys want
to see this or not because I really
really want a popular series on my
channel
keep going to be ongoing and people keep
asking me for originality so I'm here to
bring you guys some originality like by
bringing you guys a series that has
never been done for Pocket Edition I
mean it probably has but it has like
never continued so I hope you guys are
ready for this series well first off I
need to know your opinion on this so
please comment and like or dislike this
video to let me know if you guys want
the series or not but anyways that is it
for this video but anyways if you want
the texture pack the link is in the
description like I said before and
including this hexxit series I'm also
gonna be including the toomanyitems mod
the boat mod and many other mods and it
may be even better than the PC version
after I modified this whole game with
all these modifications I'm trying as
hard as I can to replicate the feeling
of peace
craft in order to bring you guys the
best experience of this series and what
not so I have to do all this for you
guys I'm gonna be working really really
hard on my videos I'm gonna be trying
hard to upload daily as was edit my
videos as much as possible I'm trying to
learn new ways to edit my videos add
some more effects and stuff like that so
I hope you guys stay tuned for that and
the whoa you have little glowing eyes
all you truck Wow
stop looking at me like that stop it
stop it anyways guys I hope you guys
enjoy that we'll see you guys next time
whose gosh seal make sure you do the
things that I told you to do and peace
out
you